 It was Emily's seventh birthday and her father wanted to make it a very special day for her. So he organized a big surprise party and invited the neighborhood children without Emily knowing about it. The plan was that the father who usually picked Emily up after school would be late in order to allow the children time to arrive before Emily. The big day finally arrived. Everything was just about ready, and it was fifteen minutes before the children were supposed to come. Emily's father was putting the final touches on the decorations for the party room. He was covering the walls and ceiling with balloons and party streamers made of crepe paper and ribbons. Emily's father was finishing up a decoration pattern. Two final pieces were left that were dangling from the wood paneling above. He had originally planned to knot these two pieces of ribbon together in order to attach balloons to them. However, whenever he grabbed the end of one ribbon, colored blue, he was not able to grasp the other ribbon, colored pink, at the same time. The ribbons simply were not long enough to be knotted together in this way. It seemed that he would have to abandon his final bit of decoration. Emily's father was just about to give up when he had an idea. He took the pair of scissors that he had been using to cut the various ribbons and crepe paper, and attached the scissors to the end of the ribbon. Next, he took hold of the scissors, and pointing them in the direction of the pink ribbon, swung them vigorously so that this blue ribbon now swayed alternately between the pink ribbon and a nearby wall. He then ran quickly and took the end of the dangling pink ribbon and walked as close to the swinging blue ribbon as possible without letting go of the pink ribbon. He then waited until the swinging blue ribbon came his way and caught it on the upswing. While still holding the pink ribbon, he then removed the scissors from the other blue ribbon and knotted the two ribbons together. Emily's father just managed to attach all his balloons on these ribbons, completing his decorations, before the children started pouring in. Soon Emily arrived and was genuinely surprised. The party was a great success, and all the fathers complemented Emily's father on the decorations.