Sure, I'd be happy to help! Here's a new story that is analogous to the given story:
A major zoo in a city on the West Coast decided to create a large enclosure containing a replica of the famous volcanic island, Hawaii. A professional zoo designer was assigned to the project. She placed a small replica of the island in the center of a large enclosure, with a realistic volcanic landscape. Then she added to the enclosure plants and animals of the sort that live in Hawaii, including endangered species such as the Hawaiian monk seal and the Hawaiian goose. The display was virtually finished when the designer was confronted with a major problem she had failed to anticipate. In order to maintain the tropical environment required by the animals, the enclosure had to be kept quite warm, as the tropical organisms were not adapted to cooler temperatures. However, if the enclosure was kept completely warm, people would not be able to see the small replica of the island in the center of the enclosure, which, after all, was the main point of the exhibit. Putting heaters inside the model of the island looked too artificial. The designer considered shining a powerful spotlight on the model of the island. However, if the spotlight was located inside the enclosure, it would raise the temperature of the air too high; and if it was located outside the enclosure, the bright beam seriously disrupted the feeding habits of some of the animals. So it looked like the display was going to have an embarrassing shortcoming. Just before the display was to open, the designer hit upon a new idea. She had several low-powered spotlights placed at different locations around the outside of the enclosure, all focused on the replica of the island. Each of the lights was quite dim, so the warm-averse animals were not disturbed as they roamed around the island. But since all of the lights were focused on the island, their beams added up so as to illuminate it enough that its realistic details could be seen by viewers. When the display opened, everyone thought it was both realistic and esthetically striking.