 The Xhk'kht Target-3. Feeding Patterns. Small, burrowing creatures called Xhk'kht are found in caves on the planet K'tk. Xhk'kht feed on insects and other small creatures that live in the cave. This is an unusual diet because these insects are normally quite harmful to swallow. Their habit is to bite through the cave walls and suck out the insects. Thus most creatures try hard to avoid these insects. Only the Xhk'kht can tolerate them. This is because their digestive systems are extremely adaptable. They can often develop tolerance to whatever food is available in their environment. Thus the Xhk'kht can adapt to an insect and digest it before the insect can harm the Xhk'kht. Troublesome Food. There is one insect that Xhk'kht have trouble eating. This insect is called a Gr'gak. Gr'gak live in a newly discovered cave on K'tk. The Gr'gak swiftly burrows into the Xhk'kht's skin and rapidly sucks large quantities of the Xhk'kht's blood. When the Xhk'kht dies the Gr'gak moves on to a new host. Many Xhk'kht die when they consume Gr'gak because they cannot adapt their digestive system before the Gr'gak sucks a lot of blood. Therefore the population of Xhk'kht in this cave is relatively small. However, some Xhk'kht can survive Gr'gak. These Xhk'kht all come from another cave upstream where they eat another insect. This other insect, called the Zlorg, is structurally very similar to a Gr'gak but it does not suck large quantities of blood from its host. The Xhk'kht can adapt their digestive systems the Zlorg. Then, when these Xhk'kht arrive at the cave containing Gr'gak they are already adapted to the structure of Gr'gak. They are able to digest Gr'gak without having much blood sucked. The G'targ. The Xhk'kht on K'tk face a second problem. This is the G'targ. The G'targ are large, flying predators that live in many caves on K'tk. The G'targ have a voracious appetite for smaller creatures in the cave and Xhk'kht are their favorite food. If a G'targ sees an Xhk'kht it will pursue it relentlessly and devour it. Fortunately, nature has given Xhk'kht a valuable way of defending itself from the G'targ. A special adrenaline in Xhk'kht gives them an amazing sprinting ability. For short periods of time Xhk'kht can move at incredible speeds. This can enable them to get away to safety before capture by a G'targ. However, since the Xhk'kht can only move this quickly for short periods they must see the G'targ coming in advance and must sprint to a safe place such as inside a cave or up on the cave walls. If the Xhk'kht are caught unaware in open cave space they may be doomed. Nevertheless, their sprinting ability is very valuable. Xhk'kht can often avoid capture by the G'targ.