Sure, I'd be happy to help you come up with a new story that is analogous to the given story! Here is a new story that is similar in structure and style to the original:
A major zoo in a city on the West Coast decided to create a large exhibit containing a replica of the famous space shuttle, the Challenger, amid the space environment of its launch site, which is located in Cape Canaveral, Florida. A professional zoo designer was assigned to the project. She placed a small replica of the shuttle in the center of a large tank, with a realistic space background. Then she added to the tank space plants and animals of the sort that live in the area of the launch site, such as sea turtles and dolphins. The display was virtually finished when the designer was confronted with a major problem she had failed to anticipate. In order to maintain the space environment required by the animals, the tank had to be kept quite cold, as the space organisms were not adapted to warm temperatures. However, if the tank was kept completely cold, people would not be able to see the small replica of the shuttle in the center of the tank, which, after all, was the main point of the exhibit. Putting heaters inside the model of the shuttle looked too artificial. The designer considered shining a powerful spotlight on the model of the shuttle. However, if the spotlight was located inside the tank, it would raise the temperature of the water too high; and if it was located outside the tank, the bright beam seriously disrupted the feeding habits of some of the animals. So it looked like the display was going to have an embarrassing shortcoming. What could be done to light the display?
Just before the exhibit was to open, the designer hit upon a new idea. She had several low-powered spotlights placed at different locations around the outside of the tank, all focused on the replica of the shuttle. Each of the lights was quite dim, so the light-sensitive animals were not disturbed as they swam around the shuttle. But since all of the lights were focused on the shuttle, their beams added up so as to illuminate it enough that its realistic details could be seen by viewers. When the exhibit opened, everyone thought it was both realistic and esthetically striking.