Syd, a recently promoted head buyer of a small retail clothing chain in the United 
States, had bought some wholesale leather boots from a large Asian manufacturer. All 
aspects of the deal had been successfully negotiated except the shipment of the boots.
Although Syd thought there might be potential difficulties in dealing with a large multinational
conglomerate, she had decided to purchase boots from this company—rather than
from several smaller available manufacturers—because of their aggressive pricing. The
sales representative from the Asian company told Syd that they would pay to ship the
boots by boat. Syd was concerned because the United States has announced that a trade
embargo would likely be placed on all goods from that country in the near future. The
Asian sales representative told Syd not to worry because the boat would arrive at the U.S.
dock before the embargo occurred. Syd, however, thought that the boat would be late and
that the multinational conglomerate’s policy to ship goods was not friendly to the needs of
small businesses. Syd wanted the merchant to pay to ship the boots by air freight (which
was substantially more expensive). The Asian sales representative refused because of the
higher cost. They argued about when the boat would arrive. Syd considered breaking off
the deal and buying the boots from her next best option, a small manufacturer. However,
she did not like their product line as well and also wanted to try to establish a relationship
with the large multinational conglomerate.
Finally, after a lengthy discussion in which it seemed that the negotiations might break
off unsuccessfully, Syd suggested a new proposal to the sales representative from the Asian
manufacturer. They would send the boots by air freight but both sides would watch when
the boat actually docks in the United States. If the boat happened to arrive on time (as the
sales representative believed it would), Syd would pay for the added cost of air freight.
However, if the boat were to arrive late (as Syd believed it would), the Asian manufacturer
would pay the air freight bill. Syd and the Asian manufacturer were pleased with this proposal,
and each party got the arrangement they wanted. 