It was Jane’s sixth birthday and her mother wanted to make it a very
special day for her. So she organized a big surprise party and invited the
neighborhood children without Jane knowing about it. The plan was that
the mother who usually picked up Jane after school would be late in order
to allow the children time to arrive before Jane. The big day finally arrived.
Everything was just about ready, and it was fifteen minutes before
the children were supposed to come. Jane’s mother was putting the final
touches on the decorations for the party room. She was covering the walls
and ceiling with balloons and party streamers made of crepe paper and
ribbons. Jane’s mother was finishing up a decoration pattern. Two final
pieces were left that were dangling from the wood paneling above. She
had originally planned to knot these two pieces of ribbon together in order
to attach balloons to them. However, whenever she grabbed the end of
one ribbon, colored blue, she was not able to grasp the other ribbon,
colored pink, at the same time. The ribbons simply were not long enough
to be knotted together in this way. It seemed that she would have to
abandon her final bit of decoration.
 Jane’s mother was just about to give up when she had an idea. She took
the pair of scissors that she had been using to cut the various ribbons and
crepe paper, and attached the scissors to the end of the ribbon. Next, she
took hold of the scissors, and pointing them in the direction of the pink
ribbon, swung them vigorously so that this blue ribbon now swayed alternately
between the pink ribbon and a nearby wall. She then ran quickly
and took the end of the dangling pink ribbon and walked as close to the
swinging blue ribbon as possible without letting go of the pink ribbon. She
then waited until the swinging blue ribbon came her way and caught it on
the upswing. While still holding the pink ribbon, she then removed the
scissors from the other blue ribbon and knotted the two ribbons together.
Jane’s mother just managed to attach all her balloons on these ribbons,
completing her decorations, before the children started pouring in. Soon
Jane arrived and was genuinely surprised. The party was a great success,
and all the mothers complemented Jane’s mother on the decorations.
