Glora Source 4. The Space Ships. 
The planet Dolm builds space ships for inter-planetary mining. They recently built ships for flights to the planet Theal which is rich in valuable ores. To send ships to Theal the ship builders had to worry about two things: a dangerous gas and enemy ships. 
Withstanding Gases.
Interplanetary travel is very dangerous because of hostile gasses that surround many planets. These gases contain debinding elements which sever molecular bonds of a spaceship hull. Once debinding occurs the hull dissolves. Fortunately, there is a way of building ships that can resist debinding. The ships can be made from a material that reorganizes itself in the presence of hostile gases before debinding can occur. This reorganization increases the strength of molecular bonds. The increased strength enables the material to withstand debinding actions.
The Trials of Two Spaceships. 
The planet Theal has many valuable ores. However, it turns out to be surrounded by a powerful gas called TGAS. TGAS is particularly dangerous because its debinding element acts extremely fast. This element is able to debind the molecular bonds of ship material before the material has time to reorganize and strengthen. Because of this, the first space vehicle sent to Theal was not able to withstand the TGAS. The material of the ship dissolved and the ship was destroyed.
Strangely enough, a second ship sent to Theal was able to withstand the TGAS. It turned out that this ship had stopped at another planet called Vando before going to Theal. Vando is surrounded by VNGAS. VNGAS is identical to TGAS with one exception: its debinding element does not act as quickly. Thus the ship material exposed to VNGAS was able to reorganize and increase its strength before the debinding element in VNGAS could work.
Since the ship material had reorganized itself in response to VNGAS it was able to withstand the similar TGAS. In other words, when the ship arrived at Theal the molecular bonds were already strong enough to resist the debinding element in TGAS. After seeing what happened to the two ships, the ship builders sent all ships to Vando on their way to Theal.
The Sronians.
To get to Theal the spaceship has to pass through territory owned by the planet Sron. Unfortunately Sronians are very aggressive and will try to seize travelers from Dolm. Thus designers of the spaceships going to Theal had to take precautions. They devised a mechanism that would make the spaceships extremely hard to detect by Sronians. When a space vehicle enters Sronian territory it can erect a giant screen which covers the ship. Special projectors behind the screen create an image on the front side that gives the appearance of space itself. The screen displays an image of blackness and stars. Also, the screen has a special texture so that it can absorb rather than reflect radar signals. Thus, the ship cannot be detected by sight or by radar. With this screen the spaceships are able to travel safely through Sronian territory.
