Keelings Target-2.
A marsh on the planet Himory was populated by some flightless birds called Keelings. The Keelings were migratory and there was a constant movement of birds in and out of the marsh. Keelings liked to nest with· several feet between nests. Therefore as new birds came into the marsh other birds, whose nestlings were already grown, would travel out.	The Keeling population was almost completely stable.
The Fate of the Juma Plant.
A plant growing in the marsh called the Juma Plant was highly dependent on this population stability of the Keelings. The Juma Plant requires an atmosphere which has a certain leve1 of carbon dioxide in it. Since the Keelings breathe out carbon dioxide the number of Keelings in the marsh determined the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. With the stable Keeling population the carbon dioxide level was just right for the Juma. Unfortunately, one day the migration of Keelings out the marsh slowed down. An earthquake damaged a passageway out of the marsh so that now only a few Keelings could leave the marsh at one time. However, other Keelings continued to come into the marsh as usual. Consequently, the population of Keelings in the marsh increased significantly and the atmosphere became much richer in carbon dioxide. Unfortunately for the Marsh Juma, this atmosphere was intolerable. The population of Juma was wiped out.
Keelings Change Their Behavior.
Life in this marsh underwent a second major change. A group of Keelings who migrated into the Marsh from a distant part of the planet had picked up a microbe in their travels. This microbe had a devastating effect on the Keelings· behavior. Normally the Keelings were very active creatures, always running to and fro as they built nests and organized their social groups. But as this microbe began to grow and spread among the Keeling population in the marsh the Keelings became extremely listless. They did not even bother to space their nests at appropriate distances from one another. Eventually, the Keelings began to settle themselves into hovels in the ground and maintain the minimum activity level to stay alive. The birds became so sluggish they were almost completely dormant.
