A major aquarium in a city on the East Coast decided to create a
large aquarium display containing a replica of the sunken ocean liner
the Titanic amid the sea environment of its resting place, which is
deep in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Newfoundland. A professional
aquarium designer was assigned to the project. She placed a
small replica of the vessel in the center of a large tank, with a realistic
sea bed. Then she added to the tank sea plants and fish of the sort
that live in the Atlantic at the depth of the sunken Titanic. The
display was virtually finished when the designer was confronted with
a major problem she had failed to anticipate. In order to maintain
the deep-water environment required by the fish and plants, the tank
had to be kept quite dark, as the deep-water organisms were not
adapted to light. However, if the tank was kept completely dark,
people would not be able to see the small replica of the Titanic in the
center of the tank, which, after all, was the main point of the exhibit.
Putting lights inside the model of the wreck looked too artificial. The
designer considered shining a powerful spotlight on the model of the
vessel. However, if the spotlight was located inside the tank, it would
raise the temperature of the water too high; and if it was located
outside the tank, the bright beam seriously disrupted the feeding 
habits of some of the fish. So it looked like the display was going to
have an embarrassing shortcoming.

Just before the display was to open, the designer hit upon a new
idea. She had several low-powered spotlights placed at different
locations around the outside of the tank, all focused on the replica of
the ship. Each of the lights was quite dim, so the light-averse fish were
not disturbed as they swam around the Titanic. But since all of the
lights were focused on the ship, their beams added up so as to
illuminate it enough that its realistic details could be seen by viewers.
When the display opened, everyone thought it was both realistic and
esthetically striking.