The Zylots Target-2.
Feeding Patterns.
Small water creatures called Zylots are found in lakes and streams on the planet Crilo. Zylots feed on parasitic insects found in water. This is an unusual diet because these parasites are normally quite harmful to swallow. Their habit is to attach to larger creatures and suck their blood. Thus most creatures try hard to avoid these parasites. Only the Zylots can tolerate them. This is because their digestive systems are extremely adaptable. They can often develop tolerance to whatever food is available in their environment. Thus the Zylot can adapt to a parasitic insect and digest it before the parasite can harm the Zylot.
Troublesome Food.
There is one parasitic insect that Zylots have trouble eating. This parasite is called a Dravit. Dravits live in a newly discovered lake on Crilo. The Dravit swiftly attaches itself to the stomach lining of other creatures and rapidly sucks large quantities of the creatures blood. When the host creature dies the Dravit moves on to a new host. Many Zylots die when they consume Dravits because they cannot adapt their digestive system before the Dravit sucks a lot of blood. Therefore the population of Zylots in this lake is relatively small.
However, some Zylots can survive Dravits. These Zylots all come from another lake upstream where they eat another parasitic insect. This other parasite, called the Behgit, is structurally very similar to a Dravit but it does not suck large quantities of blood from its host. The Zylots can adapt their digestive systems the Behgits. Then, when these Zylots arrive at the lake containing Dravits they are already adapted to the structure of Dravits. They are able to digest Dravits without having much blood sucked.
The Giant Lorma.
The Zylots on Crilo face a second problem. This is the Giant Lorma. The Giant Lorma are large shark-like predators that live in many lakes on Crilo. The Lorma have a voracious appetite for smaller creatures in the lake and Zylots are their favorite food. If a Giant Lorma sees a Zylot it will pursue it relentlessly and devour it. Fortunately, nature has given Zylots a valuable way of defending itself from the Lorma. A special adrenaline in Zylots gives them an amazing sprinting ability. For short periods of time Zylots can move at incredible speeds. This can enable them to get away to safety before capture by a Lorma. However, since the Zylots can only move this quickly for short periods they must see the Lorma coming in advance and must sprint to a safe place such as inside a cave or up on the water surface. If the Zylots are caught unaware in open water they may be doomed. Nevertheless, their sprinting ability is very valuable. Zylots can often avoid capture by the Giant Lorma.
