The Zylots Target-1.
Feeding Patterns.
Small water creatures called Zylots are found in lakes and streams on the planet Crilo. Zylots feed on parasitic insects found in water. This is an unusual diet because these parasites are normally quite harmful to swallow. Their habit is to attach to larger creatures and suck their blood. Thus most creatures try hard to avoid these parasites. Only the Zylots can tolerate them. This is because they can typically digest the parasites before the parasites can infest and harm the Zylot.
Troublesome food.
There is one parasite that Zylots have trouble eating. This parasite is called a Dravit. Dravits live in a newly discovered lake on Crilo. The Dravit attaches itself to the stomach lining of other creatures and rapidly sucks large quantities of the creatures blood. When the host creature dies the Dravit moves on to a new host. Many Zylots die when they consume Dravits because they cannot digest the Dravit before it sucks a lot of blood. Therefore the population of Zylots in this lake is relatively small.
However, some Zylots can survive Dravits. It turns out that very large Zylots are able to digest Dravits. That is because these large Zylots have a large enough blood supply to be able to digest the Dravit before giving up a fatal amount of blood. Even these large Zylots have to rest after eating Dravits until their blood supply is restored. But, they at least can survive the Dravits.
The Giant Lorma.
The Zylots on Crilo face a second problem. This is the Giant Lorma. The Giant Lorma are large shark-like predators that live in many lakes on Crilo. The Lorma have a voracious appetite for smaller creatures in the lake and Zylots are their favorite food. If a Giant Lorma sees a Zylot it will pursue it relentlessly and devour it. Fortunately, nature has given Zylots a clever way of defending themselves from the Lorma. When a Zylot sees a Lorma a greenish substance exudes from its pores and covers its skin. Since the green color is the same as that of the plants in the lake the Zylot blends in with the plants. Further, to complete the disguise, the Zylot undulates in the water with movements similar to the movements of the water-plants. With this appearance a Zylot becomes very hard to distinguish from the surrounding vegetation. Thus, Zylots can often avoid capture by the Giant Lorma.

