Glora Keelings- Target-1.
A marsh on the planet Himory was populated by some flightless birds called Keelings. The Keelings were migratory and there was a constant movement of birds in and out of the marsh.	Keelings liked to nest with several feet between nests. Therefore as new birds came into the marsh, other birds, whose nestlings were already grown, would travel out.	The Keeling population was almost completely stable.
The Fate of the Juma Plant.
A plant called the Juma grew in this marsh. Normally the Juma and Keelings lived side by side very comfortably. Though Keelings were plant eaters they normally lived off marsh grasses and did not eat Juma.
Unfortunately, one day some Keelings that migrated into the marsh were carrying a disease. As the disease began to spread among the Keelings, the Keelings instinctively began to eat Juma. It turned out that the Juma had properties that cured the disease. Unfortunately for the Juma, the disease spread very rapidly and by the time all the Keelings were cured they had eaten all the Juma. The population of Juma was wiped out.
Keelings Change Their Behavior.
Life in this marsh underwent a second major change. An earthquake damaged a mountain pass that migrating Keelings normally used when leaving the marsh. This had a devastating effect on the behavior of the Keelings.
Before the earthquake, when Keelings could migrate normally, the Keelings where very active. They worked constantly to reorganize themselves to be properly spaced. However, after the earthquake things changed. The earthquake made the pass out of the marsh very difficult to cross and Keelings were reluctant to try crossing it. As a result the rate of migration out of the marsh decreased dramatically. When this happened Keelings became extremely depressed and sluggish because they could not tolerate over-crowding. Moreover, in this sluggish state even fewer Keelings could make their way out of the marsh. This increased the over-crowding which increased the sluggishness which lead to further over-crowding.	Eventually, the Keelings began to settle themselves into hovels in the ground and maintain the minimum activity level to stay alive. The birds became so sluggish they were almost completely dormant.

