Glora Pond Source.
Inside a cave on a far-away planet was an interesting Glora pond. Glora is a liquid substance common on the planet that sometimes drips from the sides of cave walls. In one cave the Glora dripped to form a pond hat had a perfectly stable flow of liquid into and out of it. Every time some Glora dripped into the pond an equal amount of Glora ran out a crack in the side of the pond.
The Unfortunate Sleps.
Some newt-like creatures called Sleps relied on this unchanging level of Glora in the pond. The Sleps lived in a system of tunnels that were partially filled with Glora; the tunnels ran all along the sides of the pond just at the level of the Glora. Sleps are land creatures; they cannot breathe in liquid.
However, their skin requires repeated moistening with Glora. Thus these tunnels were a perfect home for the Sleps. However, it was essential that the Glora remain just at the right level to only partially fill the tunnels.
Unfortunately, after a time the crack in the side of the pond became clogged with sediment and Glora flowed out of the pond at a much slower rate than it came in. As a result the Glora level increased and the tunnels were then completely filled with Glora. Sadly, all the Sleps living in these tunnels died. 
No More Bubble and Sparkle.
When the crack in the side of the pond became clogged other changes took place. In its normal state, when Glora could still flow out through the crack at its regular rate, Glora fizzled and bubbled because it was constantly in motion. However, when the crack became clogged by sediment Glora flowed much more slowly. Because of this the Glora thickened and became more and more sticky. The once sparkling Glora increasingly resembled thick syrup. To make matters worse the stickier the Glora got the harder it was for it to get through the crack so the slower it flowed out. This in turn made it more stickier and in turn slower and so on. It was a losing proposition. Finally the Glora became a still, stagnant mess.

