Veisel Target Version 1.
The Growth of the Veisel Plant.
A plant called a veisel plant grows in a rain forest on the planet Funl. Scientists have recently discovered how this plant generates new plants. The stalk of the veisel plant is covered with a mesh of fibrous material. Reproductive cells are held inside this fibrous mesh.
Periodically, the rain that falls is a naturally occurring acidic rain. The acids in this rain cause the mesh of fibers to loosen. When this occurs the reproductive cells are carried off by wind and rain and they eventually fall to the ground. This ground provides the environment needed for the cells to germinate and finally develop into a new plant. Thus, Veisel plants are on interesting example of interaction among elements of nature. Without the acidic rain new plants would not be generated.
There are slight differences among the Veisel plants. For example some have large yellow flowers and others have smaller flowers that are bright blue in color. These differences apparently result from how much shade the plant lives in. Plants in relatively open areas have the yellow flowers and plants that are well shaded by many surrounding trees have the blue flowers.
Dangerous Insects.
Veisel plants have a useful way of resisting infestation by insects that can thrive on them. When reproductive cells are released from a parent plant the cells are typically carried by winds for a long time. Each cell ends up in some place distant from the parent and distant from other cells. Thus, the plants grow quite far apart from each other. A walker in the forest would be lucky to see more than one Veisel plant in a day. This growth pattern turns out to be crucial because it inhibits the spread of dangerous insects. Although an aphid or other destructive insect may invade an individual Veisel plant, there will be no plants nearby for the insects to spread to. Because of this, large scale insect infestations across the general Veisel plant population are extremely rare.

