The range-finder camera is a camera that one focuses by turning the lens until the two images seen in the viewfinder merge into one. It works in the following way. Light, which is reflected off objects in the environment, enters the rangefinder camera through the aperture. The size of the aperture can change, depending on the action of the diaphragm, which is the mechanism that surrounds the aperture. The diaphragm can act to make the aperture smaller (so that it lets in less light), or to make the aperture larger (so that it lets in more light). After passing through the aperture, the light passes through the lens of the rangefinder camera. Once the light has passed through the lens, it hits the film, located at the back of the interior of the rangefinder camera. The function of the lens is to focus the image of the object on the film. When the lens is thick, it focuses objects that are close to the rangefinder camera. When it is thin, it focuses objects that are farther away. As the image's light passes through the lens, the image is turned upside-down, so that is the way it hits the film. When light hits the film, it starts a chemical reaction in the silver bromide crystals of the film. Depending on how much light there is, different types of film will be used. Under low light conditions, fast film work best. Because the silver crystals of this type of film work in clumps, spread widely across the surface of the film, a lot of the detail in the image will be lost. Under high light levels, slow film works best. Because the crystals of slow film work more individually, and are spaced closely together on the film's surface, more of the details of the image get recorded. To focus the rangefinder camera, the photographer looks through the viewfinder. Two images are directed by a mirror and a prism into the viewfinder. If the image is focused properly, one image is seen by the photographer. If it is not, two images are seen, and the photographer adjusts the lens until one image is seen. 
